<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@yext/pages](./pages.md)

## pages package

## Functions

<table><thead><tr><th>

Function

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[getLang(headConfig, props)](./pages.getlang.md)

</td><td>

Function that takes in a [HeadConfig](./pages.headconfig.md) interface and a props, and returns the lang value that will be set on the HTML tag.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getRelativePrefixToRootFromPath(path)](./pages.getrelativeprefixtorootfrompath.md)

</td><td>

Function that takes a path to a generated template and returns the relative path to the root of the site. Will return the empty string if already at the root level.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[renderHeadConfigToString(headConfig)](./pages.renderheadconfigtostring.md)

</td><td>

Function that takes a [HeadConfig](./pages.headconfig.md) interface and outputs a valid string of HTML that will be inserted into the generated document between the head tags.

</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Interfaces

<table><thead><tr><th>

Interface

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[FunctionModule](./pages.functionmodule.md)

</td><td>

Defines the functions and fields that are available to the serverless function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[HeadConfig](./pages.headconfig.md)

</td><td>

The configuration that allows users to entirely arbitarily set the inner contents of the head element that will be prepended to the generated HTML document.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[ModuleConfig](./pages.moduleconfig.md)

</td><td>

The configuration options for a Module.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[ModuleDefinition](./pages.moduledefinition.md)

</td><td>

The type to include in any module file.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[ModuleProps](./pages.moduleprops.md)

</td><td>

The shape of the data used in the Module.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[PagesHttpRequest](./pages.pageshttprequest.md)

</td><td>

The argument passed to a http/api type function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[PagesHttpResponse](./pages.pageshttpresponse.md)

</td><td>

The return value for a http/api serverless function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[PagesOnUrlChangeRequest](./pages.pagesonurlchangerequest.md)

</td><td>

The argument passed to an onUrlChange type plugin.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[RedirectConfig](./pages.redirectconfig.md)

</td><td>

The exported `config` function's definition.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[RedirectModule](./pages.redirectmodule.md)

</td><td>

The type to include in any redirect file. It defines the available functions and fields that are available to the redirect.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[RedirectSource](./pages.redirectsource.md)

</td><td>

The type of a RedirectSource. It defines the source and statusCode for a redirect.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Site](./pages.site.md)

</td><td>

The site information passed to a serverless function by the Yext system.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[StaticTemplateConfig](./pages.statictemplateconfig.md)

</td><td>

Shape of TemplateConfig for Static Pages

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Stream](./pages.stream.md)

</td><td>

The stream config defined in [TemplateConfig.stream](./pages.templateconfig.stream.md)<!-- -->.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Tag](./pages.tag.md)

</td><td>

Interface for an HTML tag. Can set attributes on the tag, but if a body needs to be defined, use the other field of the [HeadConfig](./pages.headconfig.md) interface.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[TemplateConfig](./pages.templateconfig.md)

</td><td>

The exported `config` function's definition.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[TemplateModule](./pages.templatemodule.md)

</td><td>

The type to include in any template file. It defines the available functions and fields that are available to the template.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[TemplateProps](./pages.templateprops.md)

</td><td>

The shape of the data passed directly to the different template functions with the exception of the render function (getPath, getHeadConfig, etc).

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[TemplateRenderProps](./pages.templaterenderprops.md)

</td><td>

The shape of the data passed directly to the template's render function. Extends the [TemplateProps](./pages.templateprops.md) interface and has the additions of a path and a relativePrefixToRoot field.

</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Type Aliases

<table><thead><tr><th>

Type Alias

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[Attributes](./pages.attributes.md)

</td><td>

Custom type for specifying HTML element attributes in the [Tag](./pages.tag.md) interface.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[FunctionType](./pages.functiontype.md)

</td><td>

The valid Serverless Function types;

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[GetAuthScope](./pages.getauthscope.md)

</td><td>

The type definition for the template's GetAuthScope function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[GetDestination](./pages.getdestination.md)

</td><td>

The type definition for the redirect's getDestination function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[GetHeadConfig](./pages.getheadconfig.md)

</td><td>

The type definition for the template's getHeadConfig function. getHeadConfig takes in the provided data and will output a HeadConfig object which will be used to generate the tags inside the head tag of the generated HTML document.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[GetPath](./pages.getpath.md)

</td><td>

The type definition for the template's getPath function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[GetRedirects](./pages.getredirects.md)

</td><td>

The type definiton for the template's getRedirects function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[GetSources](./pages.getsources.md)

</td><td>

The type definiton for the redirect's getSources function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[HttpFunction](./pages.httpfunction.md)

</td><td>

A function that runs when a specific path is visited on the site.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Manifest](./pages.manifest.md)

</td><td>

A manifest of bundled files present during a production build.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Module](./pages.module.md)

</td><td>

The type definition for the module's default function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[OnUrlChangeFunction](./pages.onurlchangefunction.md)

</td><td>

A function that runs when the path of a production page changes.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[PagesOnUrlChangeResponse](./pages.pagesonurlchangeresponse.md)

</td><td>

onUrlUpdate plugins return void.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Render](./pages.render.md)

</td><td>

The type definition for the template's render function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[TagType](./pages.tagtype.md)

</td><td>

Type that enumerates the allowed types of HTML elements in the document header.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Template](./pages.template.md)

</td><td>

The type definition for the template's default function.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[TransformProps](./pages.transformprops.md)

</td><td>

The type definition for the template's transformProps function. Can be used to alter and/or augement the props (which include the data document) passed into the template at render time.

</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
